Your upgrade is actually mostly successful already.

The cluster is running Kubernetes v1.31.9 and most operators are already on 4.19.24.

The upgrade is stuck only because the image-registry ClusterOperator is Degraded=True.

Main blocker:

image-registry   4.19.24   True   False   True
Degraded: The registry is removed...
ImagePrunerDegraded: Job has reached the specified backoff limit

And CVO says:

Working towards 4.19.24: 726 of 926 done (78% complete), waiting on image-registry

This usually happens when:

internal registry was intentionally removed/disabled

but the image pruner job still exists and fails repeatedly

therefore CVO never marks upgrade completed


Your control plane itself is healthy:

etcd healthy

kube-apiserver healthy

scheduler healthy

all masters Ready


So the earlier PDB drain issue was temporary during control-plane reconciliation.

Now the real issue is image-registry degraded state.

Check registry config:

oc get configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io cluster -o yaml

Most likely you will see:

managementState: Removed

Since your registry is intentionally removed, the failing pruner job is unnecessary.

Check failed pruner jobs:

oc get jobs -n openshift-image-registry

Then inspect:

oc describe job -n openshift-image-registry <failed-job>

Usually cleanup resolves it:

oc delete job -n openshift-image-registry --all

Then watch operator:

oc get co image-registry -w

Expected final state:

image-registry   4.19.24   True   False   False

Then CVO should complete automatically:

version  4.19.24  True  False

Also note these important observations from your output:

You forced the upgrade from 4.18 → 4.19

Cluster was still using cgroup v1

ODF + Local Storage operators are only certified up to 4.19


So after cluster stabilizes, you should still plan:

1. Move to cgroup v2


2. Upgrade ODF operators before attempting 4.20 later



Your current cluster is already effectively on 4.19 control-plane binaries, but CVO completion is blocked by the degraded image-registry operator.
