[root@mirror1 ocp-install]# openshift-install agent wait-for bootstrap-complete --log-level debug
DEBUG OpenShift Installer 4.18.23
DEBUG Built from commit 53d25898f4a68451e9e1478336e1991fd5ded04f
DEBUG asset directory: .
DEBUG Loading Agent Config...
DEBUG Using Agent Config loaded from state file
DEBUG Loading Agent Manifests...
DEBUG   Loading Agent PullSecret...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Using Agent Workflow loaded from state file
DEBUG     Loading Agent Installer ClusterInfo...
DEBUG       Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG       Loading AddNodes Config...
DEBUG       Using AddNodes Config loaded from state file
DEBUG     Using Agent Installer ClusterInfo loaded from state file
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG     Using Install Config loaded from state file
DEBUG   Using Agent PullSecret loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading InfraEnv Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Installer ClusterInfo...
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Config...
DEBUG   Using InfraEnv Config loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading NMState Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Installer ClusterInfo...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Hosts...
DEBUG       Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG       Loading AddNodes Config...
DEBUG       Loading Install Config...
DEBUG       Loading Agent Config...
DEBUG     Using Agent Hosts loaded from state file
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG   Using NMState Config loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading AgentClusterInstall Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Hosts...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Config...
DEBUG   Using AgentClusterInstall Config loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading ClusterDeployment Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG   Using ClusterDeployment Config loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading ClusterImageSet Config...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG     Loading Agent Installer ClusterInfo...
DEBUG     Loading Release Image Pull Spec...
DEBUG     Using Release Image Pull Spec loaded from state file
DEBUG     Loading Install Config...
DEBUG   Using ClusterImageSet Config loaded from state file
DEBUG Using Agent Manifests loaded from state file
DEBUG Loading Install Config...
DEBUG   Loading SSH Key...
DEBUG   Loading Base Domain...
DEBUG     Loading Platform...
DEBUG   Loading Cluster Name...
DEBUG     Loading Base Domain...
DEBUG     Loading Platform...
DEBUG   Loading Pull Secret...
DEBUG   Loading Platform...
DEBUG Loading Agent Hosts...
DEBUG RendezvousIP from the NMStateConfig 72.2.0.13
DEBUG Loading Agent Installer API Auth Config...
DEBUG   Loading Agent Workflow...
DEBUG   Using Agent Workflow loaded from state file
DEBUG   Loading AddNodes Config...
DEBUG   Using AddNodes Config loaded from state file
DEBUG Using Agent Installer API Auth Config loaded from state file
DEBUG Agent Rest API Initialized
INFO Cluster is not ready for install. Check validations
DEBUG Cluster validation: Platform requirements satisfied
DEBUG Cluster validation: The pull secret is set.
WARNING Cluster validation: The cluster has hosts that are not ready to install.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The cluster has the exact amount of dedicated control plane nodes.
DEBUG Cluster validation: API virtual IPs are defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: api vips 72.2.0.87, 2405:100:200:172::87 belongs to the Machine CIDR and is not in use.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The Cluster Network CIDR is defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The base domain is defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: Ingress virtual IPs are defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: ingress vips 72.2.0.88, 2405:100:200:172::88 belongs to the Machine CIDR and is not in use.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The Machine Network CIDR is defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The Cluster Machine CIDR is equivalent to the calculated CIDR.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The Cluster Network prefix is valid.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The cluster has a valid network type
DEBUG Cluster validation: Same address families for all networks.
DEBUG Cluster validation: No CIDRS are overlapping.
WARNING Cluster validation: Hosts' clocks are not synchronized (there's more than a 4 minutes gap between clocks), please configure an NTP server via DHCP or set clocks manually.
DEBUG Cluster validation: The Service Network CIDR is defined.
DEBUG Cluster validation: cnv is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: lso is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: lvm is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: mce is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: mtv is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: node-feature-discovery is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: nvidia-gpu is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: odf is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: openshift-ai is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: pipelines is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: serverless is disabled
DEBUG Cluster validation: servicemesh is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Valid inventory exists for the host
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient minimum RAM
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient disk capacity
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient RAM for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is unique in cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is allowed
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Speed of installation disk has not yet been measured
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is compatible with cluster platform baremetal
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host agent is compatible with the service
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No request to skip formatting of the installation disk
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All disks that have skipped formatting are present in the host inventory
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Media device is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Machine Network CIDR is defined
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host belongs to all machine network CIDRs
WARNING Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Platform PowerEdge R740 is allowed
WARNING Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host couldn't synchronize with any NTP server
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host clock is synchronized with service
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All required container images were either pulled successfully or no attempt was made to pull them
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Network latency requirement has been satisfied.
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Packet loss requirement has been satisfied.
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has been configured with at least one default route.
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api-int.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the *.apps.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host subnets are not overlapping
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No IP collisions were detected by host c4cf52a6-d75c-609b-e9df-e6ceb1b496a6
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: cnv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lso is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lvm is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mce is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mtv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: node-feature-discovery is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: nvidia-gpu is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: odf is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: openshift-ai is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: pipelines is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: serverless is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: servicemesh is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Valid inventory exists for the host
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient minimum RAM
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient disk capacity
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient RAM for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is unique in cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is allowed
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Speed of installation disk has not yet been measured
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is compatible with cluster platform baremetal
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host agent is compatible with the service
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No request to skip formatting of the installation disk
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All disks that have skipped formatting are present in the host inventory
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Media device is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Machine Network CIDR is defined
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host belongs to all machine network CIDRs
WARNING Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Platform PowerEdge R740 is allowed
WARNING Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host couldn't synchronize with any NTP server
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host clock is synchronized with service
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All required container images were either pulled successfully or no attempt was made to pull them
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has been configured with at least one default route.
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api-int.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the *.apps.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host subnets are not overlapping
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No IP collisions were detected by host 6cb01f00-14a2-56a6-c2df-250d0ccda483
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: cnv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lso is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lvm is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mce is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mtv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: node-feature-discovery is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: nvidia-gpu is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: odf is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: openshift-ai is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: pipelines is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: serverless is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: servicemesh is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Valid inventory exists for the host
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient minimum RAM
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient disk capacity
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient CPU cores for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Sufficient RAM for role master
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is unique in cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Hostname bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan is allowed
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Speed of installation disk has not yet been measured
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is compatible with cluster platform baremetal
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host agent is compatible with the service
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No request to skip formatting of the installation disk
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All disks that have skipped formatting are present in the host inventory
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Media device is connected
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Machine Network CIDR is defined
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host belongs to all machine network CIDRs
WARNING Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Platform PowerEdge R740 is allowed
WARNING Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host couldn't synchronize with any NTP server
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host clock is synchronized with service
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: All required container images were either pulled successfully or no attempt was made to pull them
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Network latency requirement has been satisfied.
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Packet loss requirement has been satisfied.
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has been configured with at least one default route.
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the api-int.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Domain name resolution for the *.apps.cl2-mno1.rvt.lan domain was successful or not required
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host subnets are not overlapping
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: No IP collisions were detected by host 036a5fd0-52e7-8154-b156-ca6303aa84b9
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: cnv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lso is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: lvm is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mce is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: mtv is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: node-feature-discovery is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: nvidia-gpu is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: odf is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: openshift-ai is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: pipelines is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: serverless is disabled
DEBUG Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: servicemesh is disabled
INFO Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan: calculated role is master
INFO Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
INFO Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
INFO Host bscmaster2.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan validation: Host has connectivity to the majority of hosts in the cluster
INFO Host bscmaster1.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan: updated status from insufficient to known (Host is ready to be installed)
INFO Host bscmaster3.cl2-mno1-rvt.lan: updated status from insufficient to known (Host is ready to be installed)
INFO Cluster validation: All hosts in the cluster are ready to install.
