Good — this changes the diagnosis significantly.

Your catalog source itself is healthy now.

These logs prove:

grpc is working

ListBundles works

ListPackages works

OLM can query the catalog successfully


So the old:

connection refused

errors are stale historical conditions.

Now the REAL issue is:

ODF operator upgraded to 4.19.12, but supporting operators never generated InstallPlans.

This usually happens when:

subscriptions were manually modified

old installplan references remain

or OLM resolution graph got stuck midway during disconnected upgrade


The strongest clue is:

InstallPlan not found for CSV ...v4.19.12-rhodf

AND:

state: AtLatestKnown
currentCSV: *.v4.18.17-rhodf

That means OLM thinks:

> "No newer upgrade available"



even though package manifest clearly contains:

rook-ceph-operator.v4.19.12-rhodf

So now this is an OLM resolver stuck-state issue.

You are very close now.

Do this carefully.

First verify there are NO pending installplans:

oc get installplan -A

Then delete ONLY the supporting subscriptions (NOT odf-operator subscription)

Delete these:

oc delete sub -n openshift-storage \
rook-ceph-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
cephcsi-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
mcg-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
ocs-client-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
ocs-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
odf-csi-addons-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
odf-prometheus-operator-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
recipe-stable-4.18-redhat-operator-index-openshift-marketplace \
odf-dependencies

Do NOT delete:

CSVs

installplans

odf-operator subscription


Then restart OLM:

oc delete pod -n openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager -l app=catalog-operator
oc delete pod -n openshift-operator-lifecycle-manager -l app=olm-operator

Then wait 2-3 minutes.

ODF operator should recreate all dependent subscriptions automatically.

Then immediately check:

oc get sub -n openshift-storage

You should now see:

fresh generations

new installplans

supporting CSVs moving to 4.19.12


Then watch:

watch oc get csv -n openshift-storage

Finally verify:

oc get storagecluster -n openshift-storage

Expected:

VERSION   4.19.12

Right now your cluster is stuck because stale Subscription objects survived the partial upgrade attempt.
