Based on all the logs and Ceph validation you shared, the most defensible root cause is:

Root Cause

The cmp disk-access-fail is caused by node/container-runtime resource exhaustion on worker02, leading to kubelet/CRI-O exec communication failures and temporary loss of application access to mounted storage/database services.

This is NOT caused by Ceph storage failure.


---

Proof and Correlation

1. Ceph storage is healthy → eliminates backend storage failure

You verified:

health: HEALTH_OK

232 pgs: 232 active+clean

osd: 3 up, 3 in

commit_latency(ms) 0
apply_latency(ms) 0

This proves:

no degraded PGs

no slow ops

no OSD failures

no storage latency

no backend I/O bottleneck


Therefore:

> Actual Ceph storage failure cannot explain the application disk-access-fail.




---

2. kubelet exec communication failures are occurring

Critical evidence:

Unable to write all bytes from execInContainer
err="short write"

This is abnormal and indicates:

PTY exhaustion,

pipe exhaustion,

FD exhaustion,

or runtime communication failure.


Kubelet could not fully communicate with processes inside containers.

This directly affects:

probes,

exec sessions,

container runtime operations,

storage-mounted applications.



---

3. CRI-O shows unstable process tracking

Repeated messages:

Failed to get the status of process with PID ...
open /proc/<pid>/stat: no such file

This indicates very high process churn or runtime instability.

Not fatal alone, but strongly correlated with:

excessive process creation,

crashed exec sessions,

runtime overload.



---

4. Storage-related pods become unstable

You observed:

startup probe error: HTTP probe failed with statuscode: 500

and:

Back-off restarting failed container postgres

This proves applications using storage/database became unhealthy during the issue window.

Postgres restart failures commonly occur when:

runtime cannot service processes,

exec/probes fail,

or mounted filesystem access becomes temporarily unavailable.



---

5. Application API failures occurred simultaneously

You also had:

[getApiPodList] fail to run k8sApiGetAllPods, ret: -912

This shows the application could no longer properly communicate with Kubernetes APIs during the same degradation period.

That is consistent with:

node runtime instability, NOT:

Ceph disk corruption.



---

Logical Elimination

If Ceph were the root cause, we would expect:

HEALTH_WARN/ERR

slow ops

degraded PGs

high OSD latency

OSD flapping

mon quorum instability


None exist.


---

If physical disk failed, we would expect:

kernel I/O errors

ext4/xfs corruption

read-only remount

blk/nvme/scsi errors


None provided.


---

What matches ALL symptoms?

The following matches every symptom:

long-running telecom workload

increasing exec/process usage

kubelet short-write failures

CRI-O instability

probe failures

postgres restart loops

API failures

temporary storage access failures

Ceph still healthy


That pattern is classic node/container-runtime resource exhaustion.


---

Final RCA Statement

Root Cause Analysis:

During the GPRS/EDGE Multiplexing long-run test, the worker node ("worker02") experienced container runtime resource exhaustion, likely related to PTY/file descriptor/process exhaustion under sustained workload conditions.

Evidence:

1. kubelet repeatedly reported:
   "Unable to write all bytes from execInContainer" with "short write" errors, indicating failure in container exec communication paths.

2. CRI-O continuously reported inability to retrieve process status from "/proc/<pid>/stat", showing excessive process churn/runtime instability.

3. Multiple application/storage probe failures occurred simultaneously, including PostgreSQL restart backoff and HTTP 500 startup probe failures.

4. Kubernetes API access failures ("ret: -912") occurred during the same time window.

5. Ceph storage backend was verified healthy:
   
   - HEALTH_OK
   - all PGs active+clean
   - all OSDs up/in
   - zero OSD latency
   - no slow ops or degraded PGs

Conclusion:
The "cmp disk-access-fail" was not caused by Ceph storage failure. It was an application-visible symptom caused by node/container-runtime instability, which temporarily disrupted access to mounted storage/database services during long-run workload execution.
